doc: release notes: add Fast Pair Locator Tag TX power changelog entry (#30278)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag` sample:

  * Updated:

    * The references to the deleted ``CONFIG_CRACEN_LIB_KMU`` Kconfig option with the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CRACEN_KMU` replacement.

>     * The TX power calibration for the ``nrf54l15tag/nrf54l15/cpuapp`` board target by changing the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FHN_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig options from ``-13`` dBm to ``-11`` dBm to meet the Fast Pair distance certification requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The references to the deleted ``CONFIG_CRACEN_LIB_KMU`` Kconfig option to use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CRACEN_KMU` replacement.
    * The TX power calibration for the ``nrf54l15tag/nrf54l15/cpuapp`` board target.
      The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FHN_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig options were changed from ``-13`` dBm to ``-11`` dBm to meet the Fast Pair distance certification requirements.
```
